I in this video here I'm going to show
you how you know so a technique that I
came up with with getting out I had
trouble a while ago where I was trying
to get up from a chair and what was
happening is that my legs were coming
out like this so as I was leaning
forward
my legs were doing this and so I was
never able to kind of get myself to up
into a higher position and so I found
that by taking just a regular belt and
putting it on just the first loop it
restricted the my legs from moving apart
from one another so what I'm gonna do
here is I just put it on the first loop
this is just my belt and so I'll put
that there so you know you can see now
my legs aren't honestly not we're not
gonna go anywhere so I didn't realize
this was to help me to get up so if I
wanted to get up and I could do this as
well without the belt but I'm gonna show
you the effects of it what has happened
so let me just kind of turn sideways
here so without a belt on because my
muscles are so weak I'm only able to
bend my knees maybe like this much so
with the belt on obviously it restricts
the the distance of which my legs travel
apart from one another when I bend them
so I can literally put this belt on and
come down to this position maybe a
little bit lower and then I'm able to
just push myself back up okay so let's
see if we can do it just a little bit
further now without this belt on and I'm
gonna show you what that's what's gonna
happen my legs would fall apart from one
another and I'm not able to do I'm not
able to to push my legs but you know
back up to a standing position I'll say
can't stand straight up but I've at
least minimized the problem of being
able to get to this position so let me
just put the belt down and I'm going to
show you now what's gonna happen if when
I don't have the belt on so I'm gonna
bend as far as I can and then you're
gonna see it probably just drop yet
right there so now you can see in this
position here where my legs are
positioned but not real tight and so the
far apart so if I wanted to push myself
back up
you know I can't when my hip muscles my
legs won't allow me to do that so the
belt around the thighs was actually you
know just to help me to get up from a
chair and what I've noticed that by just
doing that exercise you know doing it 10
times a day that it's actually helping
my hips and become a little bit stronger
where I'm able to get up from chairs
without putting the belt around my
thighs and I you know that's more so at
home and I'm in public you know I don't
really need to do that but um so that's
something that you know I think if you
work on you might be able to strengthen
your hips a little bit where you be able
to get out of chairs and have to rely on
people to help you up yet so work on
that and hopefully helps y'all